John Deere Dubuque Works is
manufacturing facility for our
construction and Forestry Division the
skid steer and CTL assembly line was
built in this factory in 2002 John
Deere's employees pride ourselves on our
quality it's very important to every
employee out here whether it be an
engineer or an assembler that we produce
the best quality possible-- I'm an
assembler in the engine division I've
been here 11 and a half years we take a
lot of pride in what we do we try and do
it right Phil we do an excellent job
I've got a great bunch of people I work
with over there we have a great team we
kind of check it each other's work and
make sure it's all done right I'm fussy
when it comes to my work and I do it
everything the same just so it's done
right I'm probably the most proud of
just being a part of something big
everybody on the line
everybody has input everybody can voice
their opinion what we can do better and
everybody gets listened to I believe on
John Deere said put the best in it
that's in you and if you do that you're
not gonna have a problem billet like you
were gonna buy it that machine comes off
the line I'm taking it home tonight and
it's mine it really matters to me what
we're putting out there and I'd like to
have it done right the first time right
now we're putting all the best quality
we ever have and customers are seeing
that we're doing our best to put out a
good quality product and it's starting
to reflect that through the orders I'm a
quality inspector for the skid-steer
line at the John Deere Dubuque works
everybody is involved if one party's not
doing their part of it it just doesn't
work you know everybody's an inspector
out there everybody looks to see if it's
being done right and nobody's ever to
blame we all work together and nobody's
perfect so we all just try to look out
for each other
and do it right the first time everybody
cares out here wherever I go you see a
machine out here you see a John Deere
skid steer and you think that is
probably about a 99% chance I built that
machine
and it just makes you feel good to know
you built a good product the customer
relies on it we've got a lot of repeat
customers here there's a lot of people
come back and say a lot of nice things
that makes you feel good I enjoy my work
I really do I've been with John Deere
for 11 years all that with skid steers
the amount of improvement we've done on
that product it's impressive and I
hopefully we continue to grow and gain
an edge on their competitors there's a
lot of good people working a lot of
experience here and most of the people
now here have over 10 years and though I
mean you're doing something that long I
got to talk to Sam Allen when he was
here on his last vision and this is our
our babies I told him I've been here
almost the whole time the skid steers
have been here so we care about what's
going out and we want to hear
everybody's input and ideas the customer
is what they think so we can do better
everybody tries to do it right and do it
right the first time we can replace
parts but you can't fix your reputation
we don't want that I want right we have
added models to better compete with what
the customer needs we've added track
units since then when we originally
started it Dubuque and we were at five
models and now we're up at 12 that
lineups just going to continue to grow I
brought this because I really do feel
we've got the best machine out there I
feel it's better than anybody else is
out there I honestly do it's an
american-made company we stand behind
what we sell these people out here take
a lot of pride in what they do they
build it right they do their best chip
we do build a good product we do to
ensure the highest level of quality of
our products coming off of our assembly
line we make sure every machine is fully
tested we make sure that it's performing
at its peak in that customer is not
going to have any problems and I hear
through the grapevine that's they're
having problems and we didn't catch on a
dyno that kind of makes me upset that we
didn't catch it
so I take a lot of pride in what I do
it's rewarding just to do a good job
every day couldn't sleep at night you
know knowing I let something go that
wasn't right
if you don't improve your product
somebody else will I strongly believe
that and there's over 140 people on the
assembly line that believe that to our
quality is the best it's ever been the
only way we can go from here is up just
by everybody voicing their opinion I
think is making the product better and
better each day